# CS-370: Current & Emerging Trends in Computer Science

### Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For the project, we created and trained an intelligent agent to find the most efficient path to a treasure within a maze. We were given two Python files: GameExperience.py to create our Replay Experience algorithm and TreasureMaze.py to build our environment for the agent to traverse. The last file provided to us was the Jupyter Notebook to build, train, and test our model. However, this file was incomplete, leaving the training function “qtrain” for us to finish and optimize. This function uses Q-learning to train a neural network model for maze navigation. During each training epoch, the agent interacts with the maze environment and generates episodes (sequences of state-action-reward-next state), then stored in an experience replay. The neural network model is trained on batches of experiences to predict Q-values, which guide the agent's decision-making in the maze.

### Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science: what do computer scientists do and why does it matter, how do I approach a problem as a computer scientist, and what are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
Computer scientists play a pivotal role in modern society by designing and developing software systems that address real-world problems. However, they don’t just write code all day; they are innovators, helping create and shape all industries. A systematic approach to problem-solving involves understanding requirements and constraints, designing efficient algorithms, and constantly building upon and evolving solutions. My process is to break down whatever problem I am facing into multiple components, taking time to work through each one thoroughly. This process helps me prevent feeling overwhelmed by any task. Eventually, I combine and integrate my parts within the more extensive system or project.
Ethically, computer scientists must eliminate bias from their development and ensure equity for all affected by their system. In machine learning, fair and inclusive training data is necessary. Computer scientists safeguard intellectual property and maintain software integrity while ensuring efficient system performance. Ultimately, computer scientists aim to responsibly and innovatively leverage technology for positive change in the world.
